Known issues
============
Subinterface removal, VSI cleanup.
Control plane qos exists but data plane doesn't.
    DPAL restart after configuration.

================================================

Broadcom Case: SPA -- no update yet.
Check with VijayK to prioritize and messaged appropriately.
22/07/2020 -- VijayK will followup once Medusa announcement is done.
11/08/2020 -- Amit investigated and the intermediate conversion from DSPA to PP_DSP should work.
              VijayR to respond my today or latest tomorrow. Need to look at the Romon and then understand its implication.
12/08/2020 -- Close this by today.
13/08/2020 -- Requested for Medusa setup to Raj, should get back in a day or two.
           -- Discussed on the Ramon -- looks like its a simple Switch based on the FAP ID.
           -- Share an example to help convey our understanding.
19/08/2020 -- Raj said we can share the medusa setup, need to do some more homework on the setup to understand and followup.
           -- Vijayr to start looking into this.
           -- After automation.

Automation AI:
   Finalize the J2 - TD3 topology and ensure we have a similar one in regression
   Do not duplicated j2_ files for config
   Do not have more than one robot file
   Try to use std suite_setup/teardown
   Try to eliminate the arctest/tests/robot/interfaces/IntfIxiaLibrary.py file.
   You can send suite params via config file (use can use __all__ or not have __all__ at all).

   Action Items under Amol
   Ensure that the ixiaManager changes do not break existing tests.
   Some more test bed samples for reference.
   Reference on how we can check lacp state.
   Take a look at negative cases for properties
   Rebase with 4.3.1 arrcus_dev_test before moving forward. Do note aminor will be in sync with 4.3.1 branch by Tuesday.



Memory debugger -- 05/08/2020 -- Have one successful run by today.
                   06/08/2020 -- successful run, will try to do basic testing.
                              -- commit the instrumentation changes to dev branch.
                   07/08/2020 -- Documented everything in the confluence page, focus on feature validation.
                   /var/log/core -- check for crashes, show interface command sometimes doesnt work.
                   10/08/2020 -- only after functional verification.
                   12/08/2020 -- take this up after merge is complete.
                   19/08/2020 -- vijayr to pick this up after mpls.
                   21/08/2020 -- after automation.



80 port testing for multi unit.
      VijayK to close on prioritize and test bed. -- Follow up with VijayK
      Ping Kalyani to get the 80 port.
      Follow up with Manish and Kalyani for the swap.
      Get the topology setup by 16th July.
      Test cases. -- Let us scrub the current 40 port test plan and come up with a 80 port test plan.
      Amit to come up with the first set.
      Vijay/Amit to sit and scrub the test plan. -- VijayR reviewing
27/07/2020 -- Vijay to start 80 port testing.
           -- Amit will mark whatever he has tested, vijay will work on the rest.
29/07/2020 -- Vijay to provide a patch for the last member delete.
           -- ACL and policer is fine.
           -- Forwarding path is fine.
           -- dyn add/del is fine.
30/07/2020 -- merge_cb -- old to new if new doesnt have that set.
           -- first create -- key and all necessary data corresponding to a particular.
           -- subsequent update -- key + what changed.
           -- update msg to the dstore -- PUT or POST.
           -- PUT replaces new over old. -- dstore -- check pointing infra. --
           -- POST would only update.
           -- we cannot assume that its post.
03/08/2020 -- test bond id fix on XGS, to make sure
04/08/2020 -- finish by today.
05/08/2020 -- timing issue between ifmgr and ACL.
           -- try to finish the rest of the testing by today.
06/08/2020 -- 30-40 % complete 3 bugs.
           -- QOS not getting programmed after service spyder restart.
           -- race condition between IFMGR and QOS.
           -- show qos for subinterface is not working.
07/08/2020 -- Shitanshu, there is possibility of programming qos for bond.
10/08/2020 -- VijayR to test sflow and table map on 80 port.
11/08/2020 -- After MPLS validation.
12/08/2020 -- after Broadcom.
13/08/2020 -- LK is using the setup. Share it during India day time.
19/08/2020 -- sflow and table map has to be verified.
           -- after mpls.

if (!dpal_sent && !configure) {
return;
}

always send.
dpal_sent = true;


if_object --> specific_info -- > bond object(bondid, cfd, act) --> cfgd or act member list.

Should we support break out ? -- Testing effort. -- Follow up with VijayK
      No automation.
      Get the topology setup by 16th July.

Automation. -- 10th July.
    Amit      : 0
    Basavaraj : 2
    VijayR    : 0
    Ram       : 2 + 4
    https://github.com/Arrcus/arrcus_dev_test/tree/lag_j2_aminor
    Syncup with Prasanna on traffic generation both for control plane and data plane.
    Will keep Amol posted once we have resolved some basic issues.
22/07/2020 -- No objects for LACP.
           -- Ramji is trying to setup pycharm and work environment.
23/07/2020 -- Ramji has setup pycharm, will go thru Prasanna videos to understand details on the infrastructure.
23/07/2020 -- figuring out LACP object.
           -- VijayR to upload videos from Prasanna.
24/07/2020 -- Verify on quanta the existing new test cases.
29/07/2020 -- Issues with Ixia APIs, pycharm issues.
30/07/2020 -- Debug with Prasanna on the IXIA script.
           -- Ram was able to automate min links. -- checking oper status of the bond interface.
              Manual check -- state of the BCM. --- tear down all member links.
              Vijay to check min links if its for linux.

aminor test branch --- https://github.com/Arrcus/arrcus_dev_test/tree/aminor
^
lag_test development. --- https://github.com/Arrcus/arrcus_dev_test/tree/lag_j2_aminor
^
private branch --- Will commit to this branch. -- https://github.com/Arrcus/arrcus_dev_test/tree/lag_j2_aminor_tests

03/08/2020 -- Script failing, but not clear why the failure.
           -- Quanta arp resolution is fixing the problem.
           -- Check with Prasanna.
           -- may be check with tcpdump and see if there is any arp resolution difference btwn TD3 and Quanta.
           -- default mac/gateway present in quanta & TD3 ?
           -- Ram has committed his TCs.
           -- Ram to look at Basavaraj test cases and see if he can pick some of them. mostly configuration only.
               sw1port1 = swith1:swp3 -- config file
               ${sw1port1} -- robot file.
04/08/2020 -- one run is complete with the traffic. subsequent run yielded no traffic distribution, need to check this.
           -- static route configurations
           -- exit issue was not seen again, ipv4 validation failed in linux this was not reproduceable
           -- Talk to prasanna for initial code review.
           -- sflow
              -- FLOW_SAMPLE -- requires traffic flow.
              -- counters sample -- doesnt require traffic flow.
              -- clear counters will not be reflecting.
05/08/2020 -- address review comments from Prasanna, also check the traffic issues.
           -- Ram to commit 4 more and take care of review comments from Prasanna.
06/08/2020 -- Ram commited 4 more test cases. Working on more, review comments to be addressed after Basavaraj.
           -- Basavaraj All review comments incorporated. Non subinterface configuration. Static routes are done.
           -- All required setup has been moved to suite setup. start/stop traffic is test case specific.
           -- Ramji & vijay to syncup on sflow.
07/08/2020 -- Amit & Vijayr to join automation.
07/08/2020 -- Completed one successful run. with unicast.
           -- trying to get the subinterface static routes configured.
           -- PR amol -- PR to be open today.
           -- Sflow -- Ramji -- syncup with Vijayr.
10/08/2020 -- IPV6 configs, will try today. Subinterface static configs is fine.
           -- SVI configs.
           -- once IPV4 is done, we will raise a PR.
           -- Ram to start automation after coverity.
11/08/2020 -- PR sent.
           -- Follow up with Prasanna on review comments.
           -- IPV6 is setup.
           -- Traffic distribution is not consistent.
           -- look at only unicast pkt counters, check successive iterations and then check traffic distribution.
           -- sleep for 30 secs and check stats.
           -- Can we move to a seperate suite, for LAG. This way our suite setup can be different from normal interface suite setup.
           -- J2 LAG depends on the existing interface APIs, how can we work with this when we move the lag to a seperate suite.
           -- Suite setup overrides the existing suite setup.
12/08/2020 -- waiting for the setup to validate.
           -- both ipv4 and ipv6 are configured simultaneously.
           -- Ram to address the review comments after syncup with Prasanna.
           -- vijayr to join automation.
13/08/2020 -- Bidirectional traffic ?
           -- IPV6 traffic counters on the box are not reflected.
           -- Vijayr to start working on the automation.
19/08/2020 -- amit started on the shaper.
           -- vijayr to test 2 testcases and push.
           -- Basavaraj -- ping from td3 to resolve the ND.
           -- Check with Prasanna and if required we can ask him to raise a jira.
21/08/2020 -- Review comments from Amol.
           -- defer all no subinterface zero.
           -- once we start the non zero subinterface we will come up with a test setup and tear down.
26/08/2020 -- Review comments addressed.
           -- Move to network setup and teardown model.
           -- Basavaraj to check to the counters.
           -- Change the counter once its free.
           -- ixianw.create()
           -- vijayr to move to a lag interface module.
           -- vijayr to finish ACL. by 26/08/2020.
           -- Negative test cases that are failing.
           -- Amit qos changes -- shaper and policer -- use member link rate check if required.
           -- DSCP 21.
           -- Amit to create the network bases.
          NW_BASE_IPV4 -- bond interface + static route, subinterface 0, gateway interfaces
          NW_BASE_IPV6 -- bond interface + static route, subinterface 0, gateway interfaces
          NW_SUB_IPV4  -- bond interface + static route, subinterface 1, 2 , 3, gateway interfaces
          NW_SUB_IPV6  -- bond interface + static route, subinterface 1, 2 , 3, gateway interfaces



LB key for ECMP and LAG. -- disable inner headers and check. Try the cints.

PR reviews
==========

13/08/2020 -- Shitanshu has provided comments.
           -- 17/08/2020 will start addressing comments.
           -- Qos cleanup.

           ACL
           ===
           a. take care of the Diffs that Shitanshu shared for XGS.
           b. for ingress & egress.


           QOS -- policer
           ===============
           Ingress
           a. PI will send only bond notification for both XGS and DNX.
           b. Can we achieve the above before merge.

           Egress
           a. Replicate for member links for both xgs and DNX.
           b. Is it ok to block at the CLI level ?
           -- DPAL infra does replication per core, now that logic has to be moved to per member link.
           -- not very trivial.
           -- better to block this at the CLI ?

           shaping
           =======
           PI will send notification for member links for both XGS and DNX.


           Table MAP
           =========
           a. DNX -- subinterface -- table map/rif
           b. its per RIF.

           XGS -- per port  -- table map.

           If XGS as well consumes notification for bond, then we dont have to replicate for either DNX or XGS.


Plugin string BOND specific ?


Completed & not required
==========================

MPLS verification with LAG.
    VijayR -- 25th July.
27/07/2020 -- Vijayr Need to prioritize this week, need for PM/CE team.
           -- Check with Basavaraj -- when interface -- egress is bond how are we picking the port ?
03/08/2020 -- vijayr Will try to close by 05/08/2020.
           -- FEC -- the egress nh should point to the trunk gport. The code already picks from bcm_port table so it should be using the trunk gport.
           -- So mostly verification only.
04/08/2020 -- retrofitting imtiyaz configs here.
05/08/2020 -- syncup with Imtiyaz today.
           -- Vijay, Imtiyaz, & Basavaraj to syncup on the configs.
07/08/2020 -- Setup a meeting with Imtiyaz.
10/08/2020 -- MPLS -- RIB is getting populated for label traffic.
                   -- Verify Quanta with both EdgeCore and Quanta.
11/08/2020 -- Verified that Label switching is fine with bond.
           -- LER functionality verified.
           -- LSR default behavior is PHP.
           -- Get the LSR stuff working, then go to hash LB key.
12/08/2020 -- Change topology since TD3 doesn't support LDP/MPLS.
           -- Only J2 is supported, therefore a full J2 topology is being sort out.
13/08/2020 -- They connected one link btwn 80 port and Edgecore.
19/08/2020 -- Close this by today.

IXIA  --- Q 40 (LER1) --- Q 80 (LSR) --- Q40 (LER 2) --- IXIA



verify Shaping  -- 05/08/2020 -- Vijayr Try to complete this by early next week.
                              -- amit check the stats for queueing as well.
                   07/08/2020 -- Amit will start the queueing, stats.
                   10/08/2020 -- schedule a call with Shitanshu.
                   11/08/2020 -- Will complete today.
                   12/08/2020 -- Will try to complete today.
                              -- verified shaping, and it works.
                              -- Check the numbers with Shitanshu once.
                              -- counters dint showup.
                              -- Shaping is per member link.
                              -- Ingress policer is per core.
                              -- Egress policer is per member link.
                              -- All egress features should be per member link.
                  13/08/2020  -- Shaping works verified, counters seems to be ok but there is a mismatch of 10 %.
                              -- Egress policer not a priority so may be defer for EFT3.
                  19/08/2020  -- amit  LK asked to check if the control plane traffic is struck in the queues.
                              -- Let us follow up LK to understand this better,
                                 issue should be with normal interface and any control plane pkt.


======================
SDK 6_5_20 -- validation + knet patch.
30/07/2020 -- Amit to check if the knet patch exists.
03/08/2020 -- Knet fix exists.
           -- May be migrate after regression.
======================


coverity -- 06/08/2020 -- coverity run, is done.
                       -- Trying run it on dpal/plugin/dnx, infra/ifmgr, feature/qos, feature/acl
            07/08/2020 -- Have got the results corresponding to the changes sets, vijayr will look at the report and scrub it.
            10/08/2020 -- rerun as suggested by Satish, only one geniune warning. Rest is noise. XLATE_ACE file.

Need to get the convergence number for BFD.
27/07/2020 -- Ram SM -- BLB -- BFD over logical bundle. -- same as micro BFD.
                  Micro BFD -- Bundles per link BFD. -- this is yet to be supported.
           -- Ram will update the SOT page with convergence numbers.
29/07/2020 -- Ram will start on the BFD convergence, issue was that LAG ports on IXIA got expired.
30/07/2020 -- Trying to test BFD+BGP+ECMP+LAG.
03/08/2020 -- yet to test this.
05/08/2020 -- Will try to complete by tmrw.
06/08/2020 -- ISIS + ECMP + LAG -- check with prasanna on the configs.
07/08/2020 -- This is done, updated the same on the confluence page.


Stats for ACL, Policer, Policy Map.
       Verify stats. -- Amit
       Let us have a sitdown session and verify the changes. -- 8th July.
       Verified for ACL counters -- main & Subinterface
       Policer stats yet to be verified.
            Physical member link works but bond doesn't.
       Aggregate counter values work eventhough we have two ACL entries in the ingress.
       Policer stats is not working.
       Policer of subinterface bond for policer is working.
22/07/2020 -- worked once, trying to understand why it worked the first time.
           -- Debugging this further, may be timing based.
23/07/2020 -- Syncup with Shitanshu, to check whether stats should be for both bond and member links.
24/07/2020 -- Shitanshu suggested to replicate on egress.
           -- If required setup a meeting with Shitanshu.
27/07/2020 -- show command issue -- application error. Statistics is working, only verify.
           -- both ingress and egress policer stats.
           -- check if egress is per bond or per physical.
29/07/2020 -- Check queueing stats. --- check queueing stats
30/07/2020 -- check stats for bond where ever applicable.
03/08/2020 -- Queueing is not clear.
04/08/2020 -- Queueing will start.


IXIA policer, queueing.
    Basavaraj/Amit -- Set up IXIA for automation.
    We have set up the Ixia for manual operation.

Programming if there are any configured list.  -- Vijay/Amit. -- to understand what happens when there is a interface down member link and LACP is down.
    We could create trunk only if there is active link.
        Trunk not yet programmed and there is active link.
    Basavaraj/Amit

Queueing APIs XGS, DNX..  PI - PD Notifications.
    VijayR -- Monday 22nd June.
    ACL is done.
    Shaping coding is done, have to test. -- VijayR - 6th July  -- 13th -- 17th July
24/07/2020 -- Verify PM/CE team.
02/08/2020 -- test with 80 port.

    Table map is pending. this is done have to test - 6th July. -- 13th -- 15th July
    -- Subinterface0, non zero subinterface not working, multi cores is not verified yet.
        This seems to be working.
            Tested with same core and multiple cores.
            Testing with varying traffic.

    TableMap
        Ingress Subinterface 0
            Configure all and send traffic -- pass
            Configure one by and send traffic -- pass
            Shutdown one by one and send traffic -- pass
        Egress Subinterface 60
            Configure all and send traffic -- pass
            Configure one by and send traffic -- pass
            Remove one by one and send traffic -- pass
            Remove configs and check  -- pass.
    TableMap -- Bug
        Ingress Subinterface 60
            Configure all and send traffic -- fail
            Configure one by and send traffic --
            Shutdown one by one and send traffic --
        Egress Subinterface 0
            Configure all and send traffic --
            Configure one by and send traffic --
            Remove one by one and send traffic --
            Remove configs and check  --
02/08/2020 -- vijayr Finish shaping & MPLS then come to this bug.
04/08/2020 -- Check after fix in the script.


IXIA policer, queueing.
    Basavaraj/Amit -- Set up IXIA for automation.
    We have set up the Ixia for manual operation.


Code review -- PR by next week ?
      Some kind of sanity
        Focus on automation
23/07/2020 -- review at 2:30 today.
27/07/2020 -- Amit finished his review comments.
           -- vijayr -- yet to work on the review comments, will finish in a day or two.
                     -- DPAL crashed after my code review comments. event handler crash.
03/08/2020 -- vijayr to fix the crash and checkin the code review code.
04/08/2020 -- global plugin -- caller, fwd declaration.
           -- review code is commited.
29/07/2020 -- Test sanity and checkin code before we resume 80 port.
           -- RamSM  -- finished his review comments and pushed as well.
           -- Basavaraj -- intendation yang file. will take a look once again.
03/08/2020 -- Vijayr will commit the intendation.

L2 ACL, icmp
     -- Amit Testing ICMP. BOTH CORE installation fails, but dpal goes down for core replication.
     -- just make sure what we are installing maps to what we are deleting.
     -- ACE objects are freed in one shot.
     -- L2 ACL is fine. src mac filtering is fine.

Topology config file -- J2
Robot file -- 1 test case for J2 and use the parameter from J2 topology config file.
Python acts on the parameter.


We close the loop with CE/PM team on the queueing behaviour.
    Pending warning message for policer for both ingress/egress. -- Basavaraj ?
    Shaping also if required.
    VijayR/Amit/Basavaraj -- Schedule for Monday evening.
24/07/2020 -- Shaping, egress policer, convergence
           -- Once we have the behavior of the above, we should reach out to PM/CE team.
27/07/2020 -- Amit shall pick this after he is done with 80 port.

PM & CE team update
===================
   a. Shaping
   b. Policer ingress & egress.
   c. Default PSC.
   d. PSC scale limitation.
   e. Convergence Numbers
       i. add/del member links
      ii. Change of PSC
     iii. BFD -- close on the Methodology -- how to simulate line going down or missing packets.
      iv. LACP convergence number, really required ?
       v. Minimum links convergence number ?
    f. Telemetry
        Bond stats
        Min links
        state change --- bond & member links.
        act/configured --- CLI & LACP.
        Bandwidth change
        PSC algorithm/changes
        ACL, queueing, policer, table map -- Target specific configuration.
        ACL, queueing, policer, table map -- stats
    g. Traffic distribution CLI.
    h. Features supported not supported.



Sflow -- ID generation to ifmgr, then publish that as part of bond_specific_info.
      Design discussion done, verify mirroring works on bond. -- cint or arrcus sw.
      VijayR -- 2 weeks. -- 20th July.
      After manual sanity testing. -- 17th July.
      Bond stats publish
      ID generation + DPAL changes is done
      SFLOW changes for bond in DPAL is also done.
          mirroring is not working for both physical and bond. -- Yet to verify, verify today.
          EFT2 rebase.
      Send bond port update to hsflowd -- ARRCUS side is done, hsflowd -- trying to make sure we dont break other platforms on the hsflowd side.
      Subsribe to Stats
      Decoder -- Packet header.


22/07/2020 -- Physial and bond interface mirror fails post EFT3 rebase.
           -- EFT2 it was working.
           -- ACL entries for physical -- is fine -- acl entries exists with statisical sampling as action.
           -- Mirroring could be the problem.
           -- Qualifier for matching traffic is based on in_port. PP_port.
                  There is no qualifier based on subinterface, no VSI.
           -- Configuration of sampling in on physical interface.
23/07/2020 -- Coding is done, have to test once we have mirror working.
           -- will go ahead with the commit and focus on debugging mirror issue. Once that is done will take up CPU path and hsflowd testing.
24/07/2020 -- Updated LK, on the issue.

27/07/2020
      Packet Mirroring -- pass
      Port updates in sflow -- pass
      port updates in hsflowd -- pass
      statistics in sflow -- pass -- Counter packets to sflow collector -- remote device.
      stats in hsflowd -- pass
      port mirroring in both core 0 and core 1 -- Core 0 ingress verified.
      sflow in egress direction -- yet to verify
      without any physical and add physical later -- yet to verify.
29/07/2020 -- Move to EMPF for egress.
           -- Check if more than 21 bits quailfier for dst_port, required for trunk gport.
           -- Check if egress sflow is required. -- PM & CE team.
03/08/2020 -- SFLOW is done, we suport egress as well.

22/07/2020 -- VijayR to finish review by today.
           -- Amit Checked basic functionality is fine.
23/07/2020 -- VijayR has reviewed, we should start manual testing on 80 port.

Hashing algorithm. -- PSC -- M&D , SD.  -- Ram
    Per hashing algorithm callback
    Current bond object, return new hashing algorithm.
      If new and old different, reprogram trunk.
    Changes verified.
    Convergence Numbers.
       Change in PSC.
          Inter add/remove -- for each of the algorithms.
    SD -> MD -> SD -- BCM api returning error.
    Basavaraj/Amit

22/07/2020 -- Trunk members count was not passed properly.
Trunk_set API -- array of gports we pass of the trunk members.
              -- active member links in the bcm_bond_object.
              -- get_meber_cnt_from_trunk --- broadcom.
              Try with active member links list from bond_object.
23/07/2020 -- x number active links. -- add/remove/add and then change PSC.A
           -- merge cb is implemented for PSC.
swp2 --- remove --- add.
0x8064 ------------- 0x8164.
0x8064.
[port sysport mapping] after psc change.
27/07/2020 -- Commited to the dev branch. Will finish the convergence testing by today.

Telemetry
=========
Bond stats
Min links
state change --- bond & member links.
act/configured --- CLI & LACP.
Bandwidth change
PSC algorithm/changes
ACL, queueing, policer,  table map -- Target specific configuration.
ACL, queueing, policer,  table map -- stats
22/07/2020 -- email sent to PM/CE.


Egress ACL on subinterface to be tested once we reach aminor. Its more of validation as the hardware programming happens as expected.
22/07/2020  -- Works after EFT3 rebase

BFD is not working.
    between TD3 and Quanta. Works between Quanta and Edgecore. -- verify once.
    Ping works ?
    Was working before.
    ISIS not working.
    BGP not working.
    ISIS + BFD quanta + TD3 interop check with Test team.
        Try aminor with normal physical.

XGS -- we have to ignore notification for bond.
  Have to take care for XGS as well. -- Basavaraj
  XGS DPAL doesn't come up, need to check why.
  LK responded saying only SDK16-sp1 changes are included in aminor_sdk_6_5_19.
  a. Bond with member links.
  b. Configure ACL on the main bond interface.
  c. Check DPAL logs.

  Aminor -- + LAG control plan -- qos, ACL, table map.
                               -- Aminor dpal, make changes here in private branch. and verify.
                               -- Return for bond interface -- we should be fine.
              6.5.16 + arrcus_sw of LAG branch and check if dpal comes up.
  Vijay & Basavaraj to debug the DPAL issue.

Load balance CLI.
Basavaraj -- Followup and close on Yang.
Set up a meeting to close on this.
Will patch it to LAG dev branch, and close the review with Ebben seperately.
Share the Arista configuration:
  https://www.arista.com/en/um-eos/eos-section-12-5-port-channel-and-lacp-configuration-commands#ww1153170

Subinterface support for ACL/Policer verification.
    Subinterface for Table map is only subinterface.
    ACL its done.    Amit
    Policer also done.
    Verify for Table map for both the cores.
    Also verify if there is no member in the core the entries should be installed.
    Egress subinterface qual is not working, need to replicate.

    Works on aminor_sdk_6_5_19, but not for us. Even for physical interfaces.
        The PF entries are the same in both the case.
        The sdk versions are the same as well.

ECMP works fine, need to understand code a bit to make sure we are not missing anything.

Run icmp.py to test control and data plan traffic, for every commit.
    Copy the script to every switch and preconfig everything.
    Save configs required as well.
    VijayR
LAG + Srv6
   Share configs and review.  -- Being done by SRv6 team.

ACL issues vijay/Amit to debug and close. -- COPP solved the problem or reduced the likelihood.
Close ACL / Policer loop with Csaba.
    VijayR/Amit -- 1 Week from now. --- This is done

Close on the hashing alogrithms.
    Amit/VijayK -- 2 Weeks to close with Broadcom. -- This is done

Configuration file for automation testing.
    VijayR -- Friday 19th June.  -- This is done
ISIS Testing with 3 router setup.
    Test data path and punt path.
      Basavaraj. -- This is done for ISIS.
Also verify per core for each.
      VijayR/Amit -- 2 Weeks from now.
          VijayR to give a brief on counters for ACL. -- This is done
